2 3 4 for these young women in southern
Gaza throwing punches is a temporary
escape from Israel's brutal War their
Boxing Club was reduced to Rubble so
this is where they train now in the
Sandy space between the
tents when we were in Northern Gaza we
had a club where we trained and we had
equipment including hand wraps bandages
and boxing rings but the club was
destroyed in the war and we were forced
to move to the South we tried to set up
a new club with new girls and train with
available
resources with no gloves or mouth guards
they use everyday items as protective
gear we have nothing to help us hold
proper training sessions we have only
our hands pillows and blankets despite
the terrible situation in Gaza we will
continue training these teenagers even
though we don't have
anything mamed a has been displaced
multiple times since
October but his dead dedication to
empowering these young women remains
steadfast from one Camp to another he's
building a community of
boxers when I came to carun again we
managed to set up a 70 tent camp where
the initiative expanded to include a big
tent for teenagers and adults boxing has
helped girls become stronger and more
confident to the extent that parents are
now relying on them more they are more
aware of how to protect
themselves these young Fighters aren't
just learning to defend themselves they
are also trying to shatter gender
stereotypes there was also bullying
about the boxing because people believe
this sport is only for boys my message
to the world is that this sport is not
only for boys it's for girls as well and
there's no need to feel
ashamed boxing has become a way for the
young women to cope with the trauma of
War offering them some respite and
distraction from Israel's
attacks we left the north to so many
places in the south and this has
affected us badly on a psychological
level to help ourselves and give
ourselves a push and encouragement we
decided to join the boxing club here
because Sports is very useful
particularly for girls to defend
themselves n and Rema hope one day to
participate in international
competitions like the Olympics until
then they say they'll keep training no
matter how many times they're forced to
move channeling their aspiration into
every punch Lina abak Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer